Customize cluster name (#350)
keycloak/keycloak-benchmark: .github/workflows/README.md

# Running workflows for keycloak-benchmark repository on AWS

## Create secrets and variables

1. Go to repository Settings -> Secrets and variables
2. Create new secret `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` with value of your AWS access key id.
3. Create new secret `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` with value of your AWS access key value.
4. Create new secret `ROSA_TOKEN` with value of your ROSA token. See [Red Hat OpenShift Cluster Manager API](https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/token) for more information.
5. Create new variable `AWS_REGION` with value of your preferred AWS region, for example, `eu-central-1`.

## Create cluster

1. Go to repository Actions -> On left side choose `ROSA Cluster - Create`
2. Click on Run workflow button
3. Fill in the form and click on Run workflow button

>    1. Name of the cluster - the name of the cluster that will be later used for other workflows. Default value is `gh-${{ github.triggering_actor }}`, this results in `gh-your-username`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Name of the cluster - the name of the cluster that will be later used for other workflows. Default value is `gh-${{ github.github.repository_owner }}`, this results in `gh-<owner of fork>`.
```

   2. Instance type for compute nodes - see [AWS EC2 instance types](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/). Default value is `m5.xlarge`.
   3. Deploy to multiple availability zones in the region - if checked, the cluster will be deployed to multiple availability zones in the region. Default value is `false`.
   4. Number of worker nodes to provision - number of compute nodes in the cluster. Default value is `2`.
4. Wait for the workflow to finish.

## Destroy cluster

1. Go to repository Actions -> On left side choose `ROSA Cluster - Destroy`
2. Click on Run workflow button
3. Fill in the form and click on Run workflow button

>    1. Name of the cluster - the name of the cluster to destroy. Default value is `gh-${{ github.triggering_actor }}`, this results in `gh-your-username`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Name of the cluster - the name of the cluster to destroy. Default value is `gh-${{ github.github.repository_owner }}`, this results in `gh-<owner of fork>`.
```
